<h3>Mobile-Arch-and-Progr</h3>
<p>The app that I developed was made so users could track their weight.  This makes them more aware of their progress as they're trying to reach their specific goal weight.  There were two main screens for this application, a login screen, and a main screen where the user could input their weight.  The UI was designed to be simple and intuitive.  Overall, the designs were successful but could have been a little better.</p>
<br>
<p>Designing this app was an iterative process.  Starting from project two, the initial design of the app was developed.  In project three, the functionality was added.  This has been one of the bigger projects I've worked on, so the importance of building the app in small steps became apparent fairly quickly.  I know that this project was relatively small compared to what professional developers usually work on, but the lessons I learned from working on this assignment will help me to develop better habits and strategies when working on future projects.</p>
<br>
<p>Unfortunately, this project presented some challenges.  I wasn't always able to get the app to run in Android Studio.  One of the most frustrating things for me was that the compiler would throw errors that didn't make sense to me.  As an example I mentioned previously, eventhough I had a semicolon at the end of a line, an error message from the compiler would say it expected a semicolon.  I also had some issues with implementing the functionality and kept having to refer to the documentation or the zyBooks text.  The way I plan on getting better is to practice and review certain concepts by focusing in on them.</p>
